Add ability to format time and level with user-defined prettifiers (#263)
pinojs/pino-pretty: Readme.md

}
```

> You can also use `customPrettifiers` to format the time and level outputs:
> ```js
> {
>   customPrettifiers: {
>     // the argument for this function will be the same
>     // string that's at the start of the log-line by default
>     time: timestamp => `🕰 ${timestamp}`,
>     // the argument for the level-prettifier may vary depending
>     // on if you're using the levelKey option or not.
>     // by default this will be the same numerics as the Pino default
>     level: logLevel => `LEVEL: ${logLevel}`
>   }
> }
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, `customPrettifiers` can be used to format the time and level outputs:
```js
{
  customPrettifiers: {
    // The argument for this function will be the same
    // string that's at the start of the log-line by default:
    time: timestamp => `🕰 ${timestamp}`,
    
    // The argument for the level-prettifier may vary depending
    // on if the levelKey option is used or not.
    // By default this will be the same numerics as the Pino default:
    level: logLevel => `LEVEL: ${logLevel}`
  }
}
```

```

}
```

Additionally, `customPrettifiers` can be used to format the time and level outputs:
```js
{
  customPrettifiers: {
    // The argument for this function will be the same
    // string that's at the start of the log-line by default:
    time: timestamp => `🕰 ${timestamp}`,

    // The argument for the level-prettifier may vary depending
    // on if the levelKey option is used or not.
    // By default this will be the same numerics as the Pino default:
    level: logLevel => `LEVEL: ${logLevel}`
  }
}
```

Note that prettifiers do not include any coloring, if the stock coloring on `level` is desired, it can be accomplished using the following:
```js

> const levelColorize = require('pino-pretty/lib/colors.js')(true)

Reviewer: I do not want to promote relying on an internal API like this. If we are going to support this, we should expose the colorizer as a property of the main export, e.g. `const  { colorizerFactory } = require('pino-pretty')`.

Reviewer 2: Good spot, I missed it!

}
```

> Additionally, `customPrettifiers` can be used to format the time and level outputs:
> ```js
> {
>   customPrettifiers: {
>     // The argument for this function will be the same
>     // string that's at the start of the log-line by default:
>     time: timestamp => `🕰 ${timestamp}`,
> 
>     // The argument for the level-prettifier may vary depending
>     // on if the levelKey option is used or not.
>     // By default this will be the same numerics as the Pino default:
>     level: logLevel => `LEVEL: ${logLevel}`
>   }
> }
> ```
> 
> Note that prettifiers do not include any coloring, if the stock coloring on `level` is desired, it can be accomplished using the following:
> ```js
> const { colorizerFactory } = require('pino-pretty')
> const levelColorize = colorizerFactory(true)
> const levelPrettifier = logLevel => `LEVEL: ${levelColorize(logLevel)}`
> //...
> {
>   customPrettifiers: { level: levelPrettifier }
> }
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, `customPrettifiers` can be used to format the time and level
outputs:
```js
{
  customPrettifiers: {
    // The argument for this function will be the same
    // string that's at the start of the log-line by default:
    time: timestamp => `🕰 ${timestamp}`,

    // The argument for the level-prettifier may vary depending
    // on if the levelKey option is used or not.
    // By default this will be the same numerics as the Pino default:
    level: logLevel => `LEVEL: ${logLevel}`
  }
}
```

Note that prettifiers do not include any coloring, if the stock coloring on
`level` is desired, it can be accomplished using the following:
```js
const { colorizerFactory } = require('pino-pretty')
const levelColorize = colorizerFactory(true)
const levelPrettifier = logLevel => `LEVEL: ${levelColorize(logLevel)}`
//...
{
  customPrettifiers: { level: levelPrettifier }
}
```
```

Reviewer: @pearofducks somehow the suggestion removed the example. Let's add it back:

```suggestion

Note that prettifiers do not include any coloring, if the stock coloring on
`level` is desired, it can be accomplished using the following:
```js
const { colorizerFactory } = require('pino-pretty')
const levelColorize = colorizerFactory(true)
const levelPrettifier = logLevel => `LEVEL: ${levelColorize(logLevel)}`
//...
{
  customPrettifiers: { level: levelPrettifier }
}
```
```
